Team Software Project 
Meeting held on 6th of February 2023- meeting started at 5:30 pm (UK time).
Welcome
In attendance: 
1.	Nicholas Packham
2.	Hayley Moodley 
3.	Ajwaad Momin 
(In charge of week 1 notes)
Absentees:
•	None
Notes from the previous meeting:
•	None. This is the first meeting
Mode of meeting:
•	Over text
This week’s agenda was created by:
•	Nickolas Packhman
Discussion of agreed points from the agenda:
Decision on the project
1.	The decision on the topic has been finalized; we’ve decided to pick ‘Entertainment Event Application’ due to restraints on potential innovation. 
2.	Entertainment Event Application was chosen for freedom of creation between members, allowing each member to get full creative authority on their own ideas. Ideas will later be discussed, formatted, and/or added together for a collaborated finalized product.
3.	Nicholas Packham suggested Digital Device control system for parents, the protection of a child’s well-being is always something that will be in demand. His suggestion was sound, it’s common and will always be needed, but due to high demand and common usage, we are restricted in the form of versatility and innovation. 
4.	Ajwaad Momin first suggested Digital Device Control System for Parents, for the same reasons, high demand and popularity. He also suggested a potential online pharmacy app that delivers to your doorstep, this would’ve especially been helpful during the highs of the recent covid pandemic. However, this idea faced the same restrictions as the Digital Device Control System as it is in demand, especially now hence low on innovation and versatility as well.
5.	Hayley Moodley suggested Entertainment Event Application due to the reasons stated above. Some sound arguments were provided, as well as an example potential theme park application, that monitors or checks how the theme park is working and all that is processing as well as progressing in the background. With fewer amount of restrictions and more creative freedom for us to collaborate, the discussion between team members eventually led to the finalized decision of the Entertainment Event application.
Project Lead 
1.	 Project lead will be a shared responsibility, with Nicholas being the current technical leader; a decision is yet to be made. 
Will simply Figma be used, or is coding involved?
1.	It’s been decided that we will stick to Figma and not include code, as there’s a time restraint. 
2.	One individual or all members together will create and design a ‘Dashboard’ for the application.
Will GitHub be used or Trello?
1.	Agreement on using both GitHub and Trello for proper documentation presentation and aesthetic representation of process and progress.
             Tasks appointed to each member:
1.	 Nicholas Packman:
—	Creating weekly agendas
—	Basic Project planning
—	Individual tasks
2.	Hayley Moodley:
—	-Creating a GitHub repo,
—	Creating a Trello board 
—	individual tasks.
3.	 Ajwaad Momin:
—	Writing notes for/from the meeting (What was discussed and agreed upon) 
—	Reading upon Figma as it will be vastly used in the project
—	 Individual tasks.   
                       The person in charge of documentation of each meeting will change weekly.


Meeting ended at 9:57 Pm (UK time)
